c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\VKForms.exe.config
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\VKForms.exe
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\VKForms.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\obj\Debug\VKForms.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\obj\Debug\VKForms.Form1.resources
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\obj\Debug\VKForms.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\obj\Debug\VKForms.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\obj\Debug\VKForms.exe
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\obj\Debug\VKForms.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\obj\Debug\VKForms.VKForm.resources
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\LinqToTwitter.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\LinqToTwitter.net.dll
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\obj\Debug\VKForms.TwitterForm.resources
C:\Users\Max\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VKForms\VKForms\obj\Debug\VKForms.InstagramForm.resources
